doc: add deprecation warning (#187)
GIScience/ohsome-py: README.md

Reviewer: We do not have migration instructions yet and probably not before end of August. I suggest removing this line for now.

Author: what about now: 1e1c19e676c946c521b5f5c6cfe8623bcfe8c1c5 I would really like to link somewhere so I can hand-off the task of informing them to you!

See https://github.com/GIScience/ohsome-api/pull/345

Reviewer: That sounds good to me

Reviewer: But please update the URL to `https://docs.ohsome.org/ohsome-api/v2`

Reviewer: After updating the URL, this is ready to be merged at least from my side.

Author: c6cbdd1128b0e808c0d5cc1a35bc3cd6fdb7d07f

# ohsome-py: A Python client for the ohsome API

> > [!WARNING]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
```
Will be colored red.

> The ohsome API v1 is reaching end of life in October 2026.
> This library currently only supports ohsome API v1.
> The fate of the ohsome-py library is not yet decided, a newer version MAY support ohsome-API V2.

> > To move to Ohsome-API V2 independently please see the migration instructions at https://api.heigit.org/ohsome-api-staging/v2/docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> After October 2026, this version of `ohsome-py` will no longer work.

> The ohsome API v1 is reaching end-of-life in October 2026.
> The fate of the ohsome-py library is not yet decided, a newer version MAY support ohsome-API V2.
> To migrate independently of the `ohsome-py` library to the new ohsome API v2, please refer to the [official documentation](https://docs.ohsome.org/ohsome-api/).
```
